---
date: 2015-03-01 01:16:33 +0100
title: "Back to Writing"
category: announcement
---

It feels like forever since the last time I wrote an opinion piece. And it kind of is, given that I haven't updated [my personal blog][kaishinlab] ever since I joined thoughtbot in 2012. It was a mix of lacking the time to do proper research outside work hours and finding [better][robots] [venues][smashing] for technical writing.

In a way, I was trying to shift my focus from writing about the things that irk me on a daily basis to working towards fixing them. Actions speak louder than words, the mantra goes. As time went on, I started to realize that writing about something as way of getting it out of your system might have the highest effectiveness to time spent ratio, especially if it reaches a wider audience.

Speaking of audience, it looks like Medium is where it's at these days, making the social writing platform a compelling choice for casual writers like myself. Given how tiny my blog audience got over the last 3 years, I don't have much to lose. In the end, I decided against it; there is no way I would write on a closed platform, regardless of the perks.

This led me to the last decision I had to make before effectively going back to writing: resuming from where I left off or starting afresh. As I pondered about this, I came to the conclusion that it doesn't have to be black or white; it's nothing that a few redirects can't handle, and that is exactly the reason why I enjoy having total control over my data.

It feels good to be back.

[kaishinlab]: http://kaishinlab.com
[robots]: https://robots.thoughtbot.com
[smashing]: http://www.smashingmagazine.com/
